Hi guys, my name is Tina. All my life I have been shy and have struggled with self-esteem. The kids at school teased me and were cruel to me. I was 14 when the most popular girl at school, Jessica, poured juice on my head. Everyone laughed as I cried in the bathroom, ashamed. When I returned to the classroom, I saw a new student. She approached me and told me her name was Mary. When I told her what happened to me that day at school, Mary frowned. She said I should take revenge. Although I had doubts, Mary put suspicious pills in Jessica's backpack the next day and called the police. Jessica was in shock when two police officers found the pills in her bag. I was a little sorry for Jessica, but at the same time, I was happy that she realized what it was like to be humiliated. I spent more and more time with Mary. While I was still shy, my best friend was wild and free-spirited. One evening we saw a handsome boy at a party and we both had a crush on him. When the boy asked if I wanted to kiss him, I blushed and ran away. As I was running away, I turned my head and saw Mary going into the room with him. I didn't think much of it, though, so I went to the couch, leaned back on it, and fell asleep. When I woke up in the morning, the boy Mary ended up with approached me and kissed me. I was shocked. I decided to tell Mary about this. She was pissed, telling me not to worry and it wasn't my fault. The next day, I heard the news that the boy who kissed me at the party was in the hospital. Supposedly, someone pushed him as he went down the steps to the subway. I knew immediately that it was Mary. When I asked her why she did such a thing, she told me to calm down. And smiling, she said the boy got what he deserved. After a few days, I was in the locker room. I took my clothes off and took a shower. Suddenly, someone turned off the light. I knew it was one of the mean girls doing a prank on me, but I had to do something about it. I peeked into the hallway, holding a towel, and when I was sure there was no one there, I went to the fuse. I turned on the light, but when I tried to open the locker room door, I realized it was locked. The school bell rang and suddenly all the kids in the school were standing in the hallway laughing at me. I felt anger, standing naked and ashamed. I ran outside and saw Mary. She turned into a devil when I told her what had happened. I begged her not to do anything, but Mary didn't listen to me. She opened her backpack, took out her books, and lit them with a match. Within a minute, the fire started spreading through the school. Fortunately, firefighters arrived quickly and managed to put out the fire. One of the witnesses said he saw me standing outside the school. When the inspectors asked me what I knew about the accident, I told them it was Mary. I didn't know where Mary lived, so I gave the officer her description. After a few days, the police called me and my mom to come to the police station. They found a recording from a camera across from the school and played it. I was shocked when I saw myself on the tape taking books out of my backpack, burning them, and throwing them through the school door. What the hell? I was speechless when a psychologist told me that I was suffering from a multiple personality disorder. She told me that I created a character that was the complete opposite of me and that I called her Mary. So, Mary never even existed except in my head. I realized that it was me who accused Jessica of using and pushing the boy down the stairs. 